Added an option to pick a cities database (#48)
tomayac/local-reverse-geocoder: README.md

```

Optionally `init()` allows you to specify the directory that geonames files are

> downloaded and cached in, and specific the cities database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
downloaded and cached in, and a specific cities database to be used.
```
